{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;\csgray\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14500\viewh9860\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The build process:\
print \'93female_gimble.stl\'94 and \'93male_gimble.stl\'94 in the highest quality settings on an Ultimaker 2.0 (using high quality proprietary PLA)\
	print the pieces in the orientation that they are already in and use narrow supports and a thin\
	brim.\
print \'93uv_resin_driver_gear.stl\'94 in clear PLA and print it in the orientation that it\'92s already in and use 	no supports and a very thin brim. After it\'92s printed, fill the square cavity 2/3rds of the way up 	with UV curing resin, the exact resin I used was Laser Bond USA which can be found in the 	\'93As Seen on TV\'94 section in Walmart. Then take the \'93Baton B2122\'94 servo and submerge the	metal horn-knob into the UV resin and keep the two parts held firmly together. Handle the\
	assembly so that the UV resin won\'92t drip out the side and begin curing the resin with the UV\
           LED on the resin pen. Since the 3D printed gear is transparent, it allows UV light to enter the 	inner chamber and cure the resin. Remove the gear from the servo with a set of pliers.\
NOTE: I realize that getting access to an Ultimaker 2.0, specifically, is unrealistic, so I advise using 	the best quality filament you can find and use it on the best 3D printer you have access to.\
make a mold of the newly-minted clear-plastic gear using latex mold making material. You\'92ll 	want to elevate the gear with a small column of polymer clay, see build_process.jpg for the 	residue of said polymer column.  Once the mold hardens, pop the gear out and pour 	Smoothcast 300 into the cavity and wait for it to cure. Use a food sealer to vacuum the mold 	and its cast to ensure there are no air bubbles, also, shake both mold and casting materials to 	prevent air bubbles.\
remove the gear from the mold, and cut the stalk made from the polymer clay column with a rotary 	cutting tool like a Dremel tool.\
	Flip the gear over to its cavity side and find a small indentation of where the middle of the gear 	is. Use this indentation as a guide to drill a very small hole a little less in diameter of the screw 	that comes with the Baton B2122 servo. Once the hole is made, use the same drill bit to 	artistically create a \'93crater\'94 where the screw\'92s head will rest on top of the gear.\
	(be careful not to drill all the way through the thickness of the gear while making the crater)\
Screw the gear onto the servo. Clean the male and female gimbles up as best as you can, apply petroleum jelly to the male pieces, 	inside and out. There is a trial and error process to fitting the servo-gear assembly and female pieces together. I advise running a 	simple Arduino 180 degree sweep program while attempting to fit these two parts together.}